#! /bin/sh
distribute amrf
distribute amrf.bat
distribute amrforth.tcl
distribute amrbasic.tcl
distribute asm8051.fs
distribute basic.fs
distribute bin2hex.fs
distribute compile.fs
distribute debug.fs
distribute download-aduc.tcl
distribute download-cygnal.tcl
distribute download-80c552.tcl
distribute end8051.fs
distribute kernel8051.fs
distribute metacomp.fs
distribute sfr-31.fs
distribute sfr-32.fs
distribute sfr-537.fs
distribute sfr-552.fs
distribute sfr-812.fs
distribute sfr-816.fs
distribute sfr-f000.fs
distribute sfr-f061.fs
distribute sfr-f300.fs
distribute sfr-f310.fs
distribute sfr-C51RC2.fs
distribute vtags.fs
distribute disassembler.tcl
